you'll be happy to know the president is
back home at the White House after a
doozy of a trip to the UK he was in
London for the NATO summit and it didn't
end on a happy note Trump cut the trip
short
after seeing a video in which group of
other world leaders who thought they
were having a private conversation
seemed to be talking about him behind
his back this is captured at buckingham
palace last night watch here as Canadian
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau British
Prime Minister Boris Johnson and French
President Emmanuel macron gathered
together to goof on his majesty
[Music]
and now the bombing of Canada begins
this is absolutely unacceptable
ridiculous president that is our job
after the video Trump called Trudeau
two-faced and Trudeau's one thing but
bars Johnson that's the one that's got
to hurt most
he knew she Doan leckrone don't like
Abbott's
bar sweep the shovelled crazy here bars
even he's like he's supposed to be the
Donald Trump of England and he's
laughing you know you're a mess when
even this guy's making fun of you
I wasn't correct me if I'm wrong but
wasn't Donald Trump the one who said the
world is laughing at us and he's gonna
make it stop if only there was some
record of him saying that the world is
laughing at us we've got to make them
stop aniss they're laughing at the
stupidity of our president the world is
laughing at us they think we're stupid
the world is laughing at us the world is
laughing at us we don't want other
countries laughing with us
[Music]
well then after Trump witnessed his
colleagues poking fun at him he had to
pose with them for a group photo and the
mood was not merry and bright took a
spot next his pal President Erdogan of
Turkey
the strong men are his only friends now
this music is terrible by the way did
someone is like a funeral for planet
Earth we're witnessing here Trump also
tell there's his pal
yeah it'll make eye contact
also today he weighed in on his
impeachment proceedings as seen through
the rosy red lens of Fox News do you
want to comment on the House Democrats
impeachment report that came out last
night in the hearing today it's a joke
everybody is saying and I watched
reviews I watched Hannity Sean Hannity I
watched or an Ingram I watched Tucker
Carlson I watched a lot of other legal
scholars frankly and what some people of
great legal talent and highly respected
Alan Dershowitz and many more yes judge
Janine Ted Nugent the guy from the my
pillow commercial as he watches a lot of
television it would seem it was a long
day for the House Judiciary portion of
the impeachment proceedings today the
committee heard from four legal scholars
who laid out the constitutional grounds
for impeachment this is the part of the
story that will be too boring to put in
the movie but there was a lot of
speculation in this committee about what
the founding fathers would do if they
were here to see this and but to me the
answer is obvious they would vomit
they'd be throwing up in their wigs but
it's a founding fathers who you know
they'd be like take that orange ape and
throw them in the harbor with the tea
Republicans on this committee are
testing the theory that a sitting
president cannot be impeached if they
yell about it loudly enough and none
more so than ranking Republican doug
collins of georgia who shouted his
opening statement like a coked-up
auctioneer at an old folks home
really we're bringing you in here today
to testify on something most of you've
already written about all four for the
opinions that we already know out of the
classrooms that maybe you're getting
ready for finals in to discuss things
that you probably haven't even had a
chance late unless you're really good on
TV or watching the hearings for the last
couple of weeks you couldn't have
possibly actually digested the Adam
Schiff report from yesterday or the
Republican response in any real way now
we can be theoretical all we want but
the American people is really gonna look
at this and say huh that's right the
American people is looking at this and
we are saying huh we really are there
were four constitutional scholars on the
panel most notably a professor from
Stanford named Pamela Carlin who did not
take kindly to Doug Collins's opening
remarks mr. Collins I would like to say
to you sir that I read transcripts of
every one of the witnesses who appeared
in the live hearing because I would not
speak about these things without
reviewing the facts so I'm insulted by
the suggestion that has a law professor
I don't care about this fact Collins
responded by smirking and looking at his
phone but professor Carlin wasn't
finished you know I spent all of
Thanksgiving vacation sitting there
reading these transcripts I didn't you
know I like a turkey that came to us in
the mail that was already cooked
we had to fight a whole family of
raccoons living under the porch for it
you set up a bit so three of the four
professors destroyed Trump he said he
what he did it was exactly what the
founders had in mind when they outlined
a teacher in the Constitution and he
said his actions were worse than any
president ever basically they rolled up
the Constitution and spanked him with it
and the fourth guy defended him weakly
but it all boils down to this Donald
Trump used the office of president for
his own personal game which must confuse
him because he's like yeah of course I
did that's why I ran for president to
use my game but it's so interesting to
watch these guys trying to act like what
he did was fine you know what I want for
Christmas this year
I would love I'd love to see what these
Republicans we say if President Obama
had done this
imagine if Obama froze hundreds of
millions of dollars in military aid to
one of our allies who was at war in
exchange for dirt on Mitt Romney they'd
be losing their mind not that there is
any dirt on Mitt Romney uh other than he
sometimes he drinks chocolate milk but
you understand what I'm saying so Rudy
Giuliani the president's lawyer
yesterday we learned that over the
summer Rudy made a call to the White
House then made another call to the
office that controls the budget which
happens to be the same office that put a
hold on financial aid to Ukraine I mean
these guys didn't just leave a trail of
breadcrumbs
they're throwing whole loaves all over
the ground why was Rudy Giuliani on the
phone with the Office of Management and
Budget he doesn't work for the
government doesn't be like if your
housekeeper called your therapist to see
what's going on with you mentally and
with all this going on while he is at
the center of a scandal involving
Ukraine where is Rudy Giuliani right now
in the Ukraine according to the New York
Times Rudy is in Kiev on a mission to
dig up more imaginary dirt it's
unbelievable and Rudy's not the only
team Trumper getting raked over these
calls the Intelligence Committee report
also showed that representative Devon
Nunez the ranking Republican on the
Intelligence Committee had multiple
phone calls from one of Giuliani's
Ukrainian henchmen this guy loved Parnas
whose headshot tells you everything you
need to know
so Nunez went on hannity last night and
even though he was in fox friendly
territory he had a look on his face like
he just went boom boom and his underoos
you could talk to this guy less
pardonnez or whatever his name is you
know it it's possible but I haven't gone
through all my phone records I don't
really recall that name you know I
remember they name now because he's been
indicted but why would CNN rely on
somebody like this you know and I'll go
back and check all my records but it
seems very unlikely that I would be
taking calls from random people there's
no need to go through the records though
because here they are right here you
spoke to him four times once for eight
minutes and 34 seconds and who among us
hasn't forgotten they spoke to someone
named Lev harness four times about
digging up dirt for the president I have
calls with shady Soviet real estate
moguls every day
mimmo this is what the Democrats are up
to right now
Andrew Yang held an event in Manchester
New Hampshire at which for some reason
he decided to whip cream into a
supporters mouth and then watch this
here because he gets going and another
guys I hate do it of me and his campaign
man's like all right already let's
the best maybe not a presidential look
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and illustrated
it all the money I make most to
children's hospitals across the country
so you know what the